Bugfix/gis 457 (#41)
digipolisantwerp/location-picker_widget_angular: README.md

<aui-location-picker
    [baseUrl]="baseUrl"
    [defaultZoom]="defaultZoom"

>     [changeZoomLevelToSelectZoom]="changeZoomLevelToSelectZoom"

Reviewer: Isn't it more logical to call this property `changeZoomLevelToOnSelectZoom`?
What do you think, @jsebrech ?

Reviewer 2: Yes, the name is not at all clear. Why is this property needed at all? Can't you make onSelectZoom nullable so that you can set a null value to disable it?

Author: Made onSelectZoom nullable, property was indeed unnecessary.

    @Input() baseUrl;
    /* The default zoom level on map load. */
    @Input() defaultZoom = 14;

>     /* Change zoomlevel on location select to onSelectZoom value */

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    /* Change zoom level on location select to onSelectZoom value */
```
